who a lot of people are highly saying
Steve Martin oh look you're finally
talking about magic cards you never talk
about magic cards unless you say you
always play it well yes now I finally
talked about magic the gathering even
though I play it a lot more often I saw
a picture of the new Jace Jace the
planeswalker dude guy from magic 2012
for sent Jace the memory a deck we're
like Jace the memory app his plus one
draw a card target player puts the top
card of his or her library to his or her
graveyard his 0 target player puts the
top 10 cards of his or her library into
his or her grave yard free mill are you
kidding me this is ridiculous well not
really free at the first time if you use
he's cost he does cost five and what
I've seen before is that anything
greater than or equal to 5 is an
unbroken card anything less than 5 is a
broken car so be constant like two or
three or four three like his other Jays
predecessors he would probably be a
pretty ridiculously broken card and I'm
not a fan of that like one of the other
guys going to get reprinted we haven't
seen a new group wild speaker what is he
gonna have is plus zero on top to target
land or plus minus five eldrazi monument
believe me I think wizard of the coast
should probably just make a little TV
show called 19 jasus and Counting
because I think the way that the magic
gathering is going it's probably gonna
wind up just like that there's a fuzzy
in my face it was in my shot you're not
in this do you have a youtube account
fuzzy is it mr. fuzzy pants is that your
YouTube account name anyways do I rating
for this new Jace I guess sure it's okay
that he costs fine but still you know
blue decks they felt somehow find a way
to get a crap ton of man out very
quickly using like lotus cobra and some
other cards like that but it means to be
honest with you guys I'm probably take a
break a little bit from the standard and
start finishing up like my casual play
Dex and like my EDH deck and all my
other dish birds a vlogging here well
technically vlogging but yes I'm still
talking to people on the internet I'm
sorry these birds are just so carious
they're so weird there's gonna be a J's
deck it's just gonna be all Jace's
there's gonna that's that's 12 Jace's to
deal with 12 Jace's 12 that's 12
possible JC's are gonna be phasing in
one
hey that's 12 JC will face in one game
oh my god that might sound a little bit
of lame that was a little bit of free
style a little bit better than it
usually I'm so angry the fact that all
this stuff is happening but saw a head
in Deborah so if you'd like to be
talking about magic the gathering I know
it's kind of you know a little bit of a
different aspects of the way I've been
usually do my vlogs usually just talk
about blabber out about daily life but
if you like the way I talked about my
all this stuff go ahead and subscribe to
me up in that corner area that the
little but this is subscribe and if you
also like anything else go ahead and
like me on Facebook and follow me on
twitter post a comment and like this
video if you want me to do more magic or
a lot of other stuff about rants and
everything like that thanks a lot ladies
and gentleman for watching go ahead and
solve